# HDU-1241

## Oil Deposits

` 地址https://vjudge.net/article/187`

### Descriptions：

`The GeoSurvComp geologic survey company is responsible for detecting underground oil deposits. GeoSurvComp works with one large rectangular region of land at a time, and creates a grid that divides the land into numerous square plots. It then analyzes each plot separately, using sensing equipment to determine whether or not the plot contains oil. A plot containing oil is called a pocket. If two pockets are adjacent, then they are part of the same oil deposit. Oil deposits can be quite large and may contain numerous pockets. Your job is to determine how many different oil deposits are contained in a grid.`

### Input


`The input file contains one or more grids. Each grid begins with a line containing m and n, the number of rows and columns in the grid, separated by a single space. If m = 0 it signals the end of the input; otherwise 1 <= m <= 100 and 1 <= n <= 100. Following this are m lines of n characters each (not counting the end-of-line characters). Each character corresponds to one plot, and is either `*', representing the absence of oil, or `@', representing an oil pocket.`

### OutPut

`For each grid, output the number of distinct oil deposits. Two different pockets are part of the same oil deposit if they are adjacent horizontally, vertically, or diagonally. An oil deposit will not contain more than 100 pockets.`

### Sample Input

```
1 1
*
3 5
*@*@*
**@**
*@*@*
1 8
@@****@*
5 5 
****@
*@@*@
*@**@
@@@*@
@@**@
0 0 
```

### Sample Output

```
0
1
2
2
```

### 思路

```
题目大意：给定一个由字符组成的矩阵，@表示含有石油的区块，*表示无石油区域。要求统计不同油藏的数量，若两个@相邻（水平、垂直或对角线相连），则它们属于同一油藏。
```
深搜，进递归，直到找到一块油田，搜索方向是八个方向，上下左右包括对角线

### Code

见 chapter1  HDU1241函数